Using user Cheryl and classifier Heuristic

accel1.csv: Accelerate
accel2.csv: Accelerate
accel3.csv: Accelerate
accel4.csv: Accelerate
accel5.csv: No match ******
accel6.csv: Accelerate
decel1.csv: Decelerate
decel2.csv: No match ******
decel3.csv: Decelerate
decel4.csv: Decelerate
decel5.csv: No match ******
decel6.csv: Decelerate
startstop2.csv: Start/Stop
startstop3.csv: Start/Stop
startstop4.csv: Start/Stop
startstop5.csv: Start/Stop
startstop6.csv: Start/Stop
turnleft1.csv: Turn left
turnleft2.csv: Turn left
turnleft3.csv: No match ******
turnleft4.csv: Turn left
turnleft5.csv: No match ******
turnleft6.csv: Turn left
turnright1.csv: Turn right
turnright2.csv: Turn right
turnright3.csv: Turn right
turnright4.csv: Turn right
turnright5.csv: No match ******
turnright6.csv: Turn right

doubleturn1.csv: No match
doubleturn2.csv: No match
leftpoint1.csv: No match
leftpoint2.csv: No match
leftpoint3.csv: No match
missing1.csv: No match
missing2.csv: No match
neutral1.csv: No match
neutral2.csv: No match
neutral3.csv: No match
neutral4.csv: No match
neutral5.csv: No match
neutral6.csv: No match
panic1.csv: No match
panic2.csv: No match
rightpoint1.csv: Turn right
rightpoint2.csv: No match
rightpoint3.csv: No match
